hellmuth limps with queen jack off
Chris
boardman pumps it up 11 more no
hesitation from Hellmuth who makes the
call hold on yen's flops the nut flush
draw and ships it Hellmuth can't make
the call easy lay down as Portman takes
the pot Wow nice hand buddy thank you
why don't I have the Queen Sara look
what the same thing yeah what do I have
to they deal me such a huge hand oh my
god nice how nice that pot actually
gives the chip lead back to gansevoort
minh he folds his second-straight button
Cooper clan ah oh you mean that previous
in previous hand I had a big hand I had
a good hand on the blind too but had a
real good hanim
Phil limping with an ace portman with a
better ace Chris hmm alright buddy
Hellmuth quickly folding the ACE and
probably a good thing he did I was going
to check raise you all in but you just
seem so powerful to me that time got it
good read I guess I'll get it i would
say always fighting the button heads up
is not a long time good strategy that's
for sure
well Fortman muck a third straight
button cool no sir but he's not raising
either check both players holding
napkins make that seven and an eight
high straight he'll amis check calls
7000 third Spade on the turn neither
player with the flush draw Sistine
fifteen thousand to call good lay down
good bet thanks I fold it a pair of
sevens you don't believe me probably do
the specs of it no Linda pickles looks
so good back to Las Vegas with more
heads-up action in a moment welcome back
to the Golden Nugget and our exclusive
poker room Bartman holding a better than
25,000 chip lead over Phil Hellmuth
blind steady at three and six thousand